# Heart-Disease-Analysis
In this project we analyse unsupervised data using K-Means
Have you ever wondered what is meant to be done with the abundance of data that is floating around. Many datasets lack a column that answers a specific question such as , “does this person have cancer” or “is this person a yes or a no”. The outcomes label (also known as target) can answer a question that summarizes of all the data. The classic Titanic dataset for example, has several informative columns about ticket price, age, gender, family onboard, but the column that sums this all together in a “so what” is the “survived” column that states if the person lived or died on the Titanic. We can use the “survived” column as a target and determine which other columns of data may have resulted in a survival versus a death. This is supervised learning. We have an abundance of health data, but we don’t know if the person has a disease, or lives or dies yet. Without this target data, this is a project for unsupervised machine learning. A great place to start an unsupervised project is with K-means clustering. Using K-means, we are looking at ways in which the data is grouped. We can start with an arbitrary number of K clusters (let’s start with three) and calculate the lowest sum of squares error each data point has from the nearest cluster center (known as a centroid). We want the three centroids to be as far apart from one another while also being as close to their respective data points as possible.
